#830 fix bug (#831)
MichaelClerx/myokit: CHANGELOG.md

  - [#821](https://github.com/MichaelClerx/myokit/pull/821) Removed the method `myokit.Sundials.version_int`.
- Fixed
  - [#805](https://github.com/MichaelClerx/myokit/pull/805) Added missing command line utilities to the documentation, and re-organised the command-line tool docs.

>   - [#831](https://github.com/MichaelClerx/myokit/pull/831) Fixed bug of SBML parser when parsing reactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [#831](https://github.com/MichaelClerx/myokit/pull/831) Fixed bug in SBML parser that caused it to ignore terms in differential equations for products of reactions.
```
